140 Add license description (#141)
Project-MONAI/model-zoo: README.md

To download and get started with the models, please see [the model browser](https://monai.io/model-zoo.html) and [the example use cases](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/tutorials/tree/main/model_zoo).

> ## License
> 
> The MONAI Model Zoo repository follows [Apache License](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/model-zoo/blob/dev/LICENSE), thus you need to follow this license if using any models (include using pre-trained weights, training scripts and so on). To use the dataset (if existing) that is mentioned in a model, you may also need to follow the corresponding requirements (please check `docs/license.txt` within the bundle directory).
> 

Reviewer: As discussed in my other comment:

```suggestion
## License

Bundles released on the MONAI Model Zoo require a license for the software itself comprising the configuration files and model weights. You are required to adhere to the license conditions included with each bundle, as well as any license conditions stated for data bundles may include or use (please check `docs/license.txt` within the bundle directory). 

The MONAI Model Zoo repository itself follows [Apache License](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/model-zoo/blob/dev/LICENSE), thus you need to follow this license if using its software, and we recommend this license for bundles. 

The MONAI Model Zoo does not make any statement of the suitability of any model for a particular task, especially not for therapeutic or diagnostic use.

```
